Instruction of WPT batch automation command-line tool
Usage: wpt_batch.py [options]

Options:

  -h, --help    
  show this help message and exit
  
  -s SERVER, --server=SERVER    
  The wpt server URL. The default value is "http://latencylab/" which is a URL to our WebPageTest instance.
  
  -i URLFILE, --urlfile=URLFILE     
  The path of the input URL file (each line of the file should be a http URL like "http://www.google.com/".
  
  -f OUTPUTDIR, --outputdir=OUTPUTDIR    
  The path of the output directory where you want to save the testing results. The default value is a subdirectory called "result" under the current directory. The testing result file is named by url_wpt-test-id.xml.
  
  -y CONNECTIVITY, --connectivity=CONNECTIVITY
  Set the connectivity to pre-defined type: DSL, Dial, Fios and custom (case sensitive). When it is custom, you can set the customized connectivity using the options -u/d/l/p below.

  -u BWUP, --bwup=BWUP  
  Upload bandwidth (unit: kbps) of the test.The default value is 1500 (i.e., 1.5Mbps).
  
  -d BWDOWN, --bwdown=BWDOWN    
  Download bandwidth (unit: kbps) of the test. The default value is 384.

  -l LATENCY, --latency=LATENCY    
  RTT (unit: ms) of the test.

  -p PLR, --plr=PLR     
  Packet loss (percentage) rate of the test. The default value is 0. 

  -v FVONLY, --fvonly=FVONLY    
  First view only. The repeat view is usually is used to test cache. The default value is True.

  -t, --tcpdump         
  Enable tcpdump. The default value is False.

  -c SCRIPT, --script=SCRIPT    
  Hosted script file. For details, please visit: http://www.webperformancecentral.com/wiki/WebPagetest/Hosted_Scripting.

  -r RUNS, --runs=RUNS  
  The number of runs per test. The default value is 9.

  -o LOCATION, --location=LOCATION    
  Test location. The default location is from Atlanta data center (and this is the only location available currently.)

  -m MV, --mv=MV        
  Video only saved for the median run. The default value is 1.

Usage examples:
  a) ./wpt_batch.py
      The execution uses all default configurations. The script reads the ./urls.txt file, submits all of them to http://latencylab WPT server and saves the results (in XML format) in the directory ./result. All the tests are repeated 9 times with DSL connection without packet loss

  b) ./wpt_batch.py ---urlfile=/foo/bar/urls.txt -runs=3 --connectivity=custom --bwup=384 --bwdown=1500 --latency=100 --plr=1
      The execution loads the URLs from /foo/bar/urls.txt. All the tests are repeated 3 times with 384kbps upload bandwidth, 1500kbps download bandwidth, 100ms round-trip time, and packet loss rate 1%.

  c) ./wpt_batch.py --urlfile=/foo/urls.txt --script=/foo/script.txt
      The content of /foo/urls.txt:
           http://www.gmail.com/

      The content of script.txt:
logData	0

// bring up the login screen
navigate	http://www.gmail.com

logData	1

// log in
setValue	name=Email	latency.testing@gmail.com
setValue	name=Passwd	tester123
submitForm	id=gaia_loginform

      The execution will use the login information in the script to enter that gmail account and the result shows the latency of the after-login page gotten loaded.
      